It is always difficult for a game to talk about others but have them
have arrived in Munich feels quite obviously where else can you
the benefits on percent of the pitch does not bring this brings
Percent they can understand so that for the renovation is now sour
wants to play and say seven months
Leonberg Ekberg or is that in the team announce
at the TuS Laer
25 man in only eleven can play it is a try would be necessary if the
Coach would have the opportunity to play everything expectant mothers that
should do that and
Percent I know many popular physical
Vitis and and percent
but one thing is clear, we have new ones
Giant and performance brought as a team
every single one and there isses harbor for the coach it for me
interesting for
she also wanted to make decisions that she was happy to play
I do not want to and should not give another position song anyway
would like
Percent but now comes the danger that ever bigger first leg neither have
especially more composer ll alright
So one thing first we have to say the sweet
being Timmermann gives in deep player moments and where to get one
dissatisfied the woman in the area some cases
would change or
Percent would do better
but percent
there is stop moving and then you have to adapt and down
who does that best, where does deer come from?
whoever farthest
they have been made so tight for Liege Syndicom are on
They have come one of the purchases of everything is know them
yes even about Luca Toni and about the lower and and about Klose percent was
the kids wrote the numbers were extrapolated
for Marcell Jansen ten million subjects Hamit Altintop
you have already noticed that but not so highly acclaimed but it only plays
an important 4 through
not apart from the big stars is Hamit Altintop
they have expected that they are so mist from the beginning
So who is it only approx
the forms
Oliver wet and down from me and mine
Consultant manager Bernt so Lenze also in very very good friend of mine
well analyzed and that 's why I' ve taken such a step percent of the outside
Altenau violence all previously talked about it or so at the
both at the Bauhaus talks like here I shot there I come
tuned
Many are said to be the thugs on the ground
you will be embarrassed furniture 12 5
Kylie Steinmeier Mr. Trittin
So far we have been doing so in the dark
and that one has you can analyze them and UL so I was very very
optimistic also percent
partly and my friends have told me just the boy had because it should
already in good though
how difficult it is he lacked the demands of the means there soft with partial
a little sad
that people just stopped thinking
Percent would not sit back on the bench if that was the case
about the readers so it will mean that you in the area one way or another
it's just that you then also l percent
In sum, the family in the structure of old age smoking should be adjusted too
good to stand there and
to be successful now I have to personally bring all the Tor back the way
Nicola shards
that would be too easy
a bit but already or
and it belongs
Of course, he already works that he is completely legal so would be yes
Dangerous for the sake of the coach
So brought in the Spree, yes, the team must put up the end
was at that time
Who has Magath he has exactly that's the problem that wanted to close
then comes a new coach
What did you think and why abnormal zones with the distinctive with the
Hair dryer is everything discussed
and now comes the Ilsfelder further from Giggs
Percent think advice games I made the wrong decision
All communities should be thoughtful in the shops as many
but would still miss
but why did it answer?
The King of Pop is really very clear so now want to warn us a bit
what to look for
hall / berlin the numbers a bit high with the Turkey World Champion
and that the most realistic wish
If only the organ is a dream it's okay to need it all
Naber should please beautiful and rheumatism and the other arid arid
only on the Brauhausberg we have no dream or duty nervous
after all, Hergemöller complains all the same because one, if that's the case
Phase APA will be there
path